DOC add link plot_inductive_clustering (#30182)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/clustering.rst

:term:`inductive` clustering methods) are not designed to be applied to new,
unseen data.

.. rubric:: Examples

> * :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_cluster_plot_inductive_clustering.py`: A practical
>   example of inductive clustering model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_cluster_plot_inductive_clustering.py`: An example
of an inductive clustering model for handling new data.
```

Author: ok it's fine for me @virchan to commit your suggetion, but before to do it, could you add the indentation to the second line, please?

> * :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_cluster_plot_inductive_clustering.py`: A practical
>   example of inductive clustering model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_cluster_plot_inductive_clustering.py`: An example
  of an inductive clustering model for handling new data.
```
